Added documentation for path exclusion / replacement (#17012)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/universal_service_monitoring/_index.md

- Create [monitors][4], [dashboards][5], and [SLOs][6] using the `universal.http.*` metrics.

> ## Features

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> ### Path Exclusion and Replacement

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Path exclusion and replacement
```

> The following configuration change can make the agent to drop HTTP endpoints by a regex, or to convert the endpoint into a different format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use `http_replace_rules` or `DD_SYSTEM_PROBE_NETWORK_HTTP_REPLACE_RULES` to configure the Agent to drop HTTP endpoints that match a regex, or to convert matching endpoints into a different format.
```

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "Configuration File" %}}

> Add the following to the configuration file of `system-probe`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add the following configuration to the `system-probe`:
```

```yaml
network_config:
  http_replace_rules:

>     - pattern: "<exlusion rule>"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - pattern: "<exclusion rule>"
```

      repl: ""
    - pattern: "<replacement rule>"
      repl: "<new format>"
```

> For example:
> 
> Drop every endpoint starting with `/api/` like `/api/v1/users`. However, it will not ignore `/api` or `/users/api`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, the following configuration drops endpoints that start with `/api/`, such `/api/v1/users`. However, it does not ignore `/api` or `/users/api`.
```

```yaml
network_config:
  http_replace_rules:
    - pattern: "/api/.*"
      repl: ""
```

> Replace old endpoint `/api/users` to match a new format of `/api/v1/users`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following configuration replaces an endpoint `/api/users` to match a new format of `/api/v1/users`:
```
